docs(fast-data): rewrite runtime management documentation for company level (#1650)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/fast_data/runtime_management/overview.mdx

  - Resume operations post-maintenance to minimize downtime and enhance overall system reliability.

### Application Deployment

#### Control Plane

The Fast Data Runtime Management solution is distributed as a [Mia-Platform Marketplace application](/marketplace/applications/mia_applications.md), which automatically
instantiates most of the needed resources and pre-populate configuration files with default values that are quick to edit.

We strongly recommend to configure such application into a **dedicated Console Project** (for example one named _Data Fabric_) that can be reached from all the other ones.
In this manner the Fast Data Runtime Management software can run mostly independently of the actual Fast Data runtimes, so that updates to them still allow to receive and visualize
the Fast Data states from all the others runtimes.

This application can be found in the Marketplace by looking it up in using the keyword `control plane`, which will present you with two options for instantiating its configuration:

- _Fast Data Control Plane_, which will provide the basic Control Plane instance alongside an Envoy API Gateway.

> - _Fast Data Control Plane With Access Control_, which will provide all the configurations of _Fast Data Control Plane_ with the addition of the resources needed for introducing an authorization layer (see box tip below for more information)

Reviewer: This is no longer true as we updated only the one with access control. We should explain to the user what to do to remove access control in case they don't want it, but we can do this is the application's doc

:::tip Set RBAC for secure application access

As Control Plane is a powerful tool for governing Fast Data at runtime, it is important to ensure that only authorized users can access and interact with it, especially if the interaction is performed on a Fast Data production environment.

By combining different capabilities and tools offered and managed in Mia-Platform Suite, Control Plane can be setup with a solid authorization security layer, and RBAC mechanisms can be built on top of it.

To find out how to better address this goal, please visit the related [documentation page](/fast_data/runtime_management/secure_access.md) that explains how to manage the Fast Data Control Plane With Access Control.
:::

Below is shown the Marketplace application page where the term `control plane` has been looked up. In case this application is not available in your Marketplace, please contact your Console administrator to verify the Fast Data license is active for your company.

![Control Plane Marketplace](img/marketplace_runtime_management_app_selection.png)

> Among the services provided by both applications, there are the two services in charge of deploying the Fast Data Runtime Management solution, which are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among the services provided by both applications, there are the three services in charge of deploying the Fast Data Runtime Management solution, which are:
```

### Runtime

Within the context of Fast Data Control Plane, a _runtime_ corresponds to [a deploy environment of Mia Console](/development_suite/monitoring/introduction.md),

> where an instance of Control Plane Operator has been deployed. In particular, a runtime can be identified across Fast Data Control Plane solution by the triple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where an instance of Control Plane Operator has been deployed. In particular, a runtime can be identified across Fast Data Control Plane solution by these three parameters:
```

- [Console company](/console/company-configuration/overview.md)
- [Console project](/console/project-configuration/index.md)
- Deploy environment

For example, let's suppose we created a company `Supermarkets` and a project `Warehouse`. The configurations of this specific `Warehouse` project, deployed in the environment `PREPRODUCTION`,

> compose a _runtime_ for the Control Plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
composes a _runtime_ for the Control Plane.
```

In case those same configurations of `Warehouse` project were released in another environment, such as `PRODUCTION`, then those would be treated as another _runtime_ different from the one mentioned earlier.

The main Control Plane instance can manage one or more runtimes, once they are registered by each deployed Control Plane Operator.

### Runtime View

> Within the context of Fast Data Control Plane, a _runtime view_ corresponds to a group of one or more [_runtimes_](#runtime) that are logically clustered together. These grouping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the context of Fast Data Control Plane, a _runtime view_ corresponds to a group of one or more [_runtimes_](#runtime) that are logically clustered together. These groupings
```

may either arise from business requirements or spontaneously depending on how Console projects are linked among them.

For example, one may decide to group together runtimes based on their deployed environment, such as `test`, `preprod`, `production`,
or based on their business units, such as split the Fast Data runtimes related to warehouse from the ones managing customers and orders.

:::caution
In order for a _runtime_ to be recognized and managed by the main Control Plane instance, it has to belong to **one and only one** _runtime view_. Consequently,
_runtimes_ that do not belong to any _runtime view_ are <u>simply ignored</u> by the system, while it is forbidden for a _runtime_ to belong to multiple _runtime views_.

> :::

Reviewer: Do we have a reason for this? just curious
